

# Hi, my name is Cath!
I'm a designer and researcher, educator, writer, practice and people lead.  Some people, including Octocats and Slackers, call me Chills. 

> [No designer is an island, nor are their team members. It is possible for non-designers to design. It is also possible for designers to design alone or in isolation. Truly effective design, as an act, is mostly effectively undertaken if done collaboratively, with teams and users.](https://twitter.com/daughterofbev/status/1086508705288310786) 

My expertise is across the following kinds of design and research approaches: 
## HCD #UCD #UX #UI #product-design #service-design #CX #interaction-design #userresearch #agile #lean #innovation #product-and-service-discovery #usability-testing #remote-research #co-design #org-design #visual-design #IA #content-strategy #design-ops #front-end-engineering #design-thinking

I regularly work in collaboration with other people who are involved in various stages of strategy, discovery, execution and product and service delivery:
## #design #engineering #product #marketing #business #HR #accounting #sales #educators #researchers #strategy #data-science #change-management #agile-coaching #systems-analysis #customer-service #customer-support #innovation

I am experienced in creating products and services in the following product and service contexts, technologies and channels:
## #retail #e-commerce #AR #VR #mixed-reality #web #android #iOS #chat #AI #call-centre #B2C #B2B #employee #business-model #value-proposition #profile #dashboards #notifications #education #campaigns #experiments #prototypes #publishing #journeys #vision-creation #opportunity-backlogs #service-mapping #org-modelling #role-design

## I've got chills, they're multiplying
AKA. find out more about Cath Hills here:
 - Home
 - About
 - Case Studies 
 - Portfolio Examples 
 - Writing and Publications
 - Speaking and Conferences
 - Education and Facilitation
 - Startup and Innovation Advisor
 - Design and Ways of Working
 - Media
 - Contact


Find me on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/catherine-hills-96a1b515/), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/daughterofbev) and [Medium](https://medium.com/@daughterofbev) 
©NextHCD ©Catherine Hills Design 2019
