
# About Catherine Hills

> I care about the users of the many kinds of systems we design for, the value of the things that we make, the quality of the questions we ask and the problems we solve, as well as collaboration with the team who design it.

## CV and Professional Profile

My [latest CV](https://www.visualcv.com/catherine-hills/) is here and you can also find me on [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/catherine-hills-96a1b515/).


## Background

An accomplished and collaborative human-centered experience designer and research lead. Catherine is a seasoned Lean and Agile UX practice, delivery lead and people coach, with experience in product discovery and innovation. Entered industry as a graphic and interaction designer and front-end engineer. Since then, her experience has been gathered in organisations in both the United Kingdom and Australia. Catherine has led design and research in digital agencies, publishing companies, education, technology and startups.  

Catherine has also worked as a part-time Lead XD Instructor at General Assembly and is a post-graduate research candidate at Melbourne's RMIT School of Business. Catherine is passionate about learning, team empathy building and design thinking. A keen advocate for inclusive design practices, accessibility, building diverse and empowered teams. Catherine is a specialist in web and mobile technologies. She has early stage experience in VR and AR and maintains interest in new technologies including ML, robotics and AI.  

## Core Competencies

 - UX & CX Design - Understanding customer flows, users problems, the perception and needs of users in the delivery of usability tested mixed-fidelity prototypes through to design execution and feedback loops  
 - Service Design - Discovery & Research, Service Mapping (Backstage/Frontstage),. Prototyping, Experiments UX, UI, IA, Usability Testing  
 - Interaction Design - Screen-based interaction and front-end design, design systems, HCI  
 - Design Thinking / HCD - Experienced in ideation, facilitation, workshop design, prototyping, research synthesis  
 - Customer Journey Mapping - Research informed and concept-driven Customer Journeys  
 - Design/User Research - Experienced user researcher (academic (qualified 2019) /commercial)  
 - Practice Management - Experienced in team building, design team calibration, capability uplift, team management strategies, Agile UX

