


# Case Studies 

## 1 - User Research Benchmark, Current State and Target State Maps

RMIT Online


SEEK 


Envato


REA


## 1 - UX Design


RMIT Online

SEEK 

Envato

REA


## 2 - Service Design 
**Service overview, current state analysis and target state vision  (2018)**
*Online Education - Tertiary and Single Short Courses*
 
 - **Purpose**: To more closely benchmark knowledge of students and create a "moat" between the business in order to be differentiated from competitors. To create opportunities for innovation in the online space. A two year roadmap for strategic initiatives to be operationalised with the research as a base. 
 - **Problem**: A wide and deep benchmark on student experience was needed to elevate conversations within the business, inform strategic roadmaps and help prioritise student focused initiatives. A current state journey and a two year target state vision was required as well as information on other dimensions of the research, published in handbooks, to embed student and customer-centricity in the organisation. 
 - **Actions and Recommendations**: A collaborative relationship formed a team, comprising of the agency (Meld Studios) and the in-house UX and Service Design team. 
	 - Meld gained access to systems and apps such as Slack, and the in-house/agency team used this as a tool for recruitment of stakeholders and communication of insights from customer research as well as utilising friday showcases to communicate updates more widely on the progress of the Student Experience initiative. 
	 - Regular stakeholder engagement rituals were maintained with leaders in order to update, provoke feedback, help inform and create a shared understanding to informed alignment on the initiative outcomes.
	 - Over 100 user interviews were conducted as well as workshops with stakeholders and students to inform the current state journey and target state vision. 
	 - Principles were created for design, build and experience. 
 - **Outcome**: A mid-fidelity current state journey as well as a high fidelity vision execution, along with books for teams. The UX and Service Design team ran immersion sessions pre-roadmap preparation and walked teams through the use of the maps as a toolset and proxy for the student voice. Connection to OKRs framework was run via cross-functional workshops led across the business, design and product. 

*Employment Product and SAAS Vision*
 
 - **Purpose**: To enable a new customer channel to really fly for a top recruitment and employment advertising software business. 
 - **Problem**: While small medium business customers were maintaining revenue, a huge opportunity was recognised in the larger enterprise and corporate market that was still untapped and difficult to solve for. 
 - **Actions and Recommendations**: A vision and experiments squad was set up to focus on the business problem and to identify customer value propositions. 
	 - Stakeholder workshops were kicked off with both cross business stakeholder groups and executive sponsors of the initiative. 
	 - Led with strategy and product, a current state journey was defined along with a "five star" vision and a two year target state was elaborated on to help the stakeholder groups identify potential feasibility, viability and desirability constraints around new opportunity spaces and ideas.  
	 - A customer panel event was held were ideas including prototypes were presented as well as focus group style discussions around problems, risks and opportunities for potential customers.
	 - Jobs to be done statements were reviewed both for the target customer group industry segments identified as high value. 
 - **Outcome**: A mid-fidelity set of scenario based journeys were executed to show opportunities for the business and potential value propositions for corporate customers.  

## 4 - Design Ops

**Inhouse and partner build standards  (2018)**
*Online Education - Tertiary and Single Short Courses*
 
 - **Purpose**: Standards needed definition to inform Minimum Viable Products for market release. 
 - **Problem**: The system was built with bespoke workflows that were difficult to scale.  Conditions were changing as more courses products were to be built with partner build teams as well as the in-house team, in order to satisfy volume requirements from the business and to increase market leadership. 
 - **Actions and Recommendations**: The team were adopting Agile ways of working so the first step was to suggest low to medium to high fidelity course builds to infer a prototyping process, lower costs and increase efficiency. Secondly user experience design was added into the workflow to ensure course content was tested and improved on iteratively in Trello with customers and partners, along with end of build beta testing suggested as the optimal workflow in a go-to-market scenario with a fresh first run course. Course accessibility, usability and visual design assets were run through two audits for assessment of approaches to work for the UX and visual design team members. 
 - **Outcome**: The build standards playbook was constructed as well as a first run of UX, visual design, learning design and product assets list and repository as a 'first cut' for the in-house build team to standardise against with build quality, for communication and kick-offs with external build partners and to eventually systematise and improve as more was learned about process and improvement opportunities. 

**An improved UX and design development framework  (2018)**
*UX, Technology and Engineering*
 
 - **Purpose**: The UX team expressed confusion around a development framework that didn't reflect their achievements in cross-functional teams.  
 - **Problem**: The system was broken in that the team model and hierarchy was already inconsistent with the published UX development framework, which required rework. Decision making was unclear around development feedback for individuals and personal career progression steps for team members were not explained with with the framework as reference. Feedback on individuals was anecdotal, not thematic. A clearer framework was needed for a team that was scaling and team members had been onboarded with mixed clarity and expectations. 
 - **Actions and Recommendations**: One to one conversations were conducted as semi-structured interviews. A request to lead a workshop on the problem definition was supported by leadership, the outcome was a survey to consider team dysfunctions, functional achievements, cross-functional team feedback. The 100% view on how to actually succeed on career advancement was counter recommended as an 80:20 view so individuals could choose their passions and as well as understand their areas for core performance feedback and improvement. 
 - **Outcome**: A survey was constructed to re-engineer the feedback loop on this issue with staff, however a secondary round table workshop was held to progress wider change with advice from human resources as well as the product team. Comparisons were made for parity across UX, product and engineering as a result. 

## 4 - Org Design 

**User Research and a Target State Vision as a Catalyst for OKRs  (2018-9)**
*Online Education - Tertiary and Single Short Courses*
 
 - **Purpose**: User research and synthesis into current state and target state journeys presented, as a result of the vision, the opportunity for individual business units with unique KPIs to collaborate given commonly assessed goals and context for the student. This presented a huge opportunity for the business to reconsider a KPI framework to OKRs. 
 - **Problem**: Different KPIs across the business mitigate cross-business objectives given the drivers for key results in teams were individualistic, team oriented and silo-ed and not objective driven. The research showed that the student experience had much in common across business offerings. 
 - **Actions and Recommendations**: Objectives and Key Results (OKRs) were suggested in order to create better cross-business collaboration and enable the teams to better deliver on customer value and a great student experience. 
 - **Outcome**: A first cut of OKRs were created, and these were cascaded to functional as well as business leads (GMs and Directors) to iterate on in their areas of focus. 

**HCD to Agile Proposed Ways of Working Phases (2017)**
*Banking and Financial Services*

 - **Purpose**: The bank's Chief Design Officer requested a deck to help him advocate for connecting human-centered design (HCD) to Agile in the New Ways of Working (NWoW) transformation program. Education showcases on HCD were already underway and the connect between HCD and Agile had not been defined. 
 - **Problem**: Connecting a rollout of human-centered design was already a challenge given the transformation was focused on organisational agility and less on functional specialisations. In favour of integrating Agile with HCD were aspirational cultural values including, and guided by the 'Spotify/ING Model,' such values as,  'collaboration' and 'growth mindset.' 
 - **Actions and Recommendations**: Conceptual ways of working phases developed from current to target state in the form of a "good, better, best" presentation for the Chief Design Officer and Head of Customer Experience. Thinking and strategic direction was inputted into a deck for leaders, which was circulated to key stakeholders in the wider organisation. Hosted with a restricted public URL on Drive, this was a first stake in the sand on how to bring Agile ways of working together with an Agile HCD Journey teams model, so teams could own discovery to execution to delivery and the feedback loop more effectively. 
 - **Outcome**: The 'best' solution relied on a second stage transformation phase, post NWoW.  Two years' later, requests are still being received to access this deck from internal business stakeholders.

**Role Definitions - Experience Design (2017)**
*Banking and Financial Services*

 - **Purpose**: Together with the New Ways of Working (NWoW) transformation leads, as well a group appointed by the bank's Chief Design Officer and Boston Consulting Group, myself and our team were appointed for a series of role definition workshops for Experience Designers at this big four banking group.  
 - **Problem**: Connecting human-centered design (HCD) to Agile in the New Ways of Working (NWoW) transformation program was critical for the role definition as was a cultural approach to recruitment of internal talent via the change management program and also talent external to the organisation. Grade levels were also to be defined, with care and attention to equivalent adjacent functions in squads and tribes. 
 - **Actions  and Recommendations**: A first iteration release of the role definitions and grade levels were achieved for NWoW phase 1.  Designer 'T-shapes' were considered as vital in order to avoid 'cookie cutter' designers or unicorn perception of designer, which the internal teams were clearly against and had been vocal about in staff engagement sessions. 
 - **Outcome**: Model incorporated into the first wave of agile transformation and org recruitment framework. 

**Solving the 'discovery problem'  (2016)**
*Technology and Engineering*
 
 - **Purpose**: Staff engagement survey data showed that engagement was low on some factors including; collaboration, understanding why work was being undertaken, involvement in how solutions were created. I was asked to solve the discovery problem. 
 - **Problem**: Strategy week caused people in delivery to feel left out, under valued and uninvolved in the drivers for their delivery work. Several team members from multiple disciplinary functions felt dissatisfied with the way work was communicated to them. 
 - **Actions and Recommendations**: The issue with discovery required diagnosis and the causation of some low scoring in employee survey data revealed a sentiment in the tribe of dissatisfaction and frustration, along with a perception leaders were not interested in delivery team ideas or strategic suggestions.
		 - Interviews were conducted with various team members and de-identified for a play back of the synthesised problem space to the tribe with suggested actions to be taken. What was clear was that adherence to a collaborative Agile form of product and service discovery was not happening in the tribe and needed to be instated. 
 - Recommendations to leaders were made regarding objectives and goals for tribes, including:
	 - changing the way preparation occurred for strategy week:
	 - provide teams with a shared involvement and understanding in the strategic intentions of the business; and 
	 - customer/user validated lean prototypes might be presented instead of high fidelity concepts that had not been created via user research, or validated with users. 
**Outcome**: A change management program that reorganised the tribes into journey teams. 

## 5 - Innovation

**Value Proposition and Business Model Workshop - with Greg Bernarda and the Strategyzer Network  (2018)**
*Online Education - Tertiary and Single Short Courses*
 
 - **Purpose**: Education and assessment of team capability. 
 - **Problem**: Value proposition and business model design enables teams to carefully assess new propositions in a way that is human-centered, iterative and collaborative. The workshop was designed collaboratively with Greg Bernarda and the Catalyst Network to help educate the business on Strategyzer frameworks, appropriate methodologies for value proposition and business model assessment (via user research and co-creation) and testing. 
 - **Actions and Recommendations**: Teams attended from both enterprise and startup business units to help cross-fertilise innovation education and ideas at a scale previously not accessed collaboratively. More time required to assess future business models, be focused on innovation and create an agenda for innovation at the university. 
 - **Outcome**: Actions and recommendations included an outcome deck being created and circulated to key stakeholders involved in the workshop. Continued conversations with Greg and the Catalyst team on how to best improve innovation frameworks at the university and continued use of the value proposition and business model canvases to best practice standards in human-centred strategy work to date. 
