
# Education and Facilitation of Learning
Apples might be shiny but may not taste great on the inside and this is true for design and organisational approaches to their customer and user needs. To enable yourself and/or a team to be high performing, both indiduals and organisations engaging with the future of work must create a growth mindset approach to enable a learning culture. 

## Education and Mentoring

As a believer in lifelong learning and experienced in coaching in both high and low performance team cultures, I can help diagnose capability both in individuals, groups and organisations. Via service design and systems thinking, the capability needs of people can be identified as well as understanding the individual and/or employee experience. 

Experienced in facilitating courses, agile rituals, workshops and guilds (within the Spotify model), I can help teams or individuals achieve great learning outcomes in their daily practices. 

## Workshops, research and testing

Not unlike great user research, workshops should start with goals and clear questions or problem statements. Similarly, learning goals must be defined for user research and testing additionally. 

Experienced in workshop design and facilitation, I can help you design the correct approaches for workshops, as well as strategies for data collection via research or experimentation. 

## What I can do for you

An experienced education and industry design facilitator, I mentor and coach individuals and teams to do their best work. Sensitive to organisational needs, experienced in both employee and customer experience initiatives, I can help you and your teams discover and implement strategies that will have employee, customer and and user value. 

Not only this, but empower your teams in the process and enable collaboration via effective workshop facilitation, research, testing and initiative strategies. 

## Find me here

My [latest CV](https://www.visualcv.com/catherine-hills/) is here and you can also find me on [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/catherine-hills-96a1b515/).

