# Startup and Innovation Advisor
Whether a startup or an established organisation or enterprise, innovation requires great ways of working, collaboration and strong attention to value proposition and business model evaluation. Great design thinking is intrinsic to innovation. 

## Achieving innovation

In order to achieve innovation, sometimes a leap of faith, with envisioning and ideation, is required in order to create a 'moat' between a business and it's competitors. Competitors may be direct, indirect, emergent and disruptive competition. Sometimes due to the nature of innovation and technology, competition may not even be identifiable or obvious to internal stakeholders or startup founders. 

## Identifying customer value and the 'why'
The precipice for established organisations is often in the how, but really what businesses and founders need to get to is the "why." For startups this problem isn't dissimilar and that's why many established businesses reach into 'startup thinking.' In the innovation game, while things might be similar and we can beg borrow and steal, no two cases are the same and the secret sauce is really in trusting the process, using customer evaluation. That process is human-centred design and versions of it include Lean UX and design thinking. 

The key to innovation and market differentiation is understanding your customers and users, both existent and prospective.  By starting and ending with the customer and/or user, this is the greatest way to understand market demand and/or user needs and opportunities.

What jobs might your customers hire your product or service to do? What jobs don't you know about that you might leverage as opportunities for new business models and value propositions for your organisational entity? 

Design and user research as individual specialisations, coupled with facilitation and effective workshop design provide the core 'tools' for individuals and teams to get their heads around customer value, product-market fit and user needs.  

## Startups, enterprise and organisations

Human-centered design is an essential way to identify valuable opportunities, understand demand, create market share, defend core brands, create new business models and evolve existing models to be relevant to market. Not only this, but valuable products and services that are not transactional and benefit us socially warrant this attention too. 

## What I can do for you

An experienced start-up and innovation advisor, strategy lead nad industry individual contributor with both business and technology know-how, I have facilitated instructive and strategic innovation workshops for founders and established organisations.  I can show you how to design valuable propositions for diverse users and customers by following core tenants of human and user-centered design with an Agile and/or Lean approach. 

## Find me here

My [latest CV](https://www.visualcv.com/catherine-hills/) is here and you can also find me on [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/catherine-hills-96a1b515/).


