

# Design and Ways of Working
Design and our ways of working have interdependencies that we can't avoid. When teams work collaboratively, with common goals and clear objectives, design is easier to undertake and strategise. Great design requires active listing, a test and learn approach, may be iterative and is benefited by a growth mindset. 

## HCD and Agile 
Agile ways of working advocate for being closer to the customer and our team colleagues. Human-centered design (HCD) and Agile are close cousins due to origins in Human Factors and therefore, should be considered as complementary in binding approach to process and human rituals that help us as designers of experiences create great value. 

Just as we undertake daily stand-ups with our team members, we must also be closely connected to our customers and users. It may seem confusing to connect these approaches together however it is necessary, as in order to be valuable, relevant and useful, you must understand your users too. 

## Empathy for all
Much of HCD and Agile ways of working requires active listening. This is because stuff involving humans is complex, sometimes challenging and occasionally difficult. This includes making decisions, empathising with others and truly reflecting on learning opportunities. This requires respect and vulnerability. 

## Learning culture
As a facilitator of learning, individuals and organisations must create safe limits for both success and failure. Failure must be converted to a learning opportunity and reflection must be allowed for in order to make sure that learning is adopted, and history doesn't repeat itself over and over again. Part of a learning culture is a growth mindset, and this is around creating opportunities for scaling capability too. 

## Growth mindset
There is a great deal of conversation about Growth Mindset, but do individuals and organisations really understand what this means? Helping teams reflect on fixed mindsets and behaviours help create self awareness and better allowability of psychological safety in teams. 

## What I can do for you

Whether a personal or organisational transformation, I can coach process on self-awareness, capability evaluation, team collaboration, design thinking, service and org design, Agile ways of working and Lean startup thinking. 

## Find me here

My [latest CV](https://www.visualcv.com/catherine-hills/) is here and you can also find me on [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/catherine-hills-96a1b515/).


